bye
[Music]
Oh
[Applause]
[Music]
snack what is going to happen is he
comes around this corner here he goes
he's gonna peek it and quickly fight one
two three four frags around wind making
it rain with 59 that's hot lemon the
pump down yeah leave them leave get out
of here that's one should be permitted
[Music]
twin
Oh
[Music]
there's they're gonna head up this
ladder anyway though max turn to subway
getting two frags very easily having to
switch it up to the pistol now and vas
coming up to the back turn as well
[Music]
right
Oh
shut up
down already on the ramp as the team is
wrapping around now a crossfire set up
perfectly by the counter-terrorist
putting JDM in a 1 b 3 situation oh but
he gets that grenade kill on to Reese
now and he does spot another that is
subway coming in on the flank but no
subway not able to seal off deal hey
Shaq to come out of this bed now in case
ya quiring with nothing and the toxic
barrel
I'm laughing
[Music]
wait
oh here w
win this awesome
you
[Music]
nice
right
yeah that's it
for years
John
[Music]
so people can see clear now go go go go
through here bananas now finding
themselves in a 2v2 situation bomb has
been planted winning this round will put
them up 14 9 and some interesting stacks
here as they are peeking through this
gap I love this peak perfect sights on
to the bomb as K Shack is coming into
the bomb site here and all my goodness
[Music]
hey
the only
[Applause]
you guys see a future in eSports for
counter strike global offensive
definitely yeah definitely have to hide
it so yeah yeah / also unanimously rally
behind this like we shouldn't just
abandon in this game like give it
everyone needs to give it a try source
players 1.6 like just don't abandon this
game and we ought to get it going
commuting so and would you guys do this
again come to land cooper for another
counter-strike go tournament absolutely
yeah yeah absolutely alright do you guys
see a huge future for this venue and
land coover as a biggie sports
organization absolutely so that's the
thing we guide need next is we need you
guys to sign up get out here to this
land this is a beautiful venue we had
room for how many people can fit in here
probably thousands see no problem we had
about 200 attendees and we have room for
a lot more so we'll see you next year
2013 land coover
[Music]
you